take a look
ladies and gentlemen GF vice president
sales department park planet
I'll tell you you know you become full
circle full circle we have a plumber
involved in a press conference about
energy independence in the environment
the world truly is changing but here it
is the Hummer
HX concept powered by an extremely
capable flexible v6 power train and make
no mistake this biofuel compact truck is
packed from top two tires with all and I
mean all Apollo's legendary capability
this awesome concept is the answer to
question we've been asking ourselves how
do we keep our strong appeal among young
buyers and young people love him while
at the same time delivering on their
expectations about the future about
being responsible and combining that
with the adventure they're saving that
was the challenge we gave the design
team and by the way the HX interior and
exterior was created by three of our
youngest designer people stepped right
out of the College of Creative Studies
and step right up to this assignment in
a big way and what do our buyers won
this HS concept points the way and one
it's smaller lighter more efficient more
environmentally responsible just look at
from any angle it's still screen tumbler
and that's true under the skin too it
boasts the critical off-road elements
that you look for in every single number
plus it has the flexible reconfigurable
features that appeal to young active
drivers who rely on just one vehicle to
meet all their needs the entire body is
convertible with removable roof panels
modular rear roof assembly removable
fender flares and doors and for the
record it's integrated first aid kit and
shovel are also removable and they're so
well done the bob what's actually
consider xanpe design ideas all this
capability comes with the satisfaction
an extremely fuel-efficient flex fueled
v6 match with a six-speed Automatic
transmission if you're keeping score
this is our first v6 powered Hummer and
our first summit concept today you with
a biofuel friendly car trip